Good morning this is you.
You're starting a new job today.
You're excited but nervous.
This is a big shot company in Silicon Valley.
Its name is Kaiko Corp.
It's the biggest company that everyone is talking about and it has two big
products that has made it famous.
One is a robo friends app.
Everyone is collecting these robots and it's hotter than Pokemon Go.
The other is a face detection smart brain up that is going to revolutionize the whole industry.
This is a big opportunity for you.
Let's get to work.
You get into work.
You meet the team and the boss.
His name is Bruno by the way.
He always has perfect hair.
I don't know how he does it.
Anyway after a few minutes he pulls you to the side and tells you their senior developer just left
the company today.
I hope he can fill the big void that she's leaving behind.
No pressure Bruno says.
But wait.
You're terrified.
You're not a senior developer.
Anxiety rushes over you.
He wants a lot of things done. A little bit later you find out that the senior developer just left to
go work for Google.
Great.
Those two are going to be some big shoes to fill.
But back to Bruno. Bruno says there's quite a few things he would like to do with the company and he
wants your help.
And as a matter of fact you look confident and smart.
And he wants you to take the lead on their projects.
There's a pile of tasks that he would like to complete to really make Kaiko Corp. the best software
development company.
So let the adventure begin.
OK.
Back to Me.
Sure.
This story may seem silly but this course is designed to mimic real life scenarios.
In each section you're going to learn something new that is considered a hard topic for a junior developer
but you're going to master it.
Then we're going to implement whatever we've learned for Keiko Corp's projects so that you can be a
superstar developer.
You've always wanted.
This course is designed to have everything flow together and each topic build on top of one another
like Lego blocks.
To get the full experience go through each video in order.
And once you are done the course, you can use the videos as reference to each section you want to go
back to.
By the way creating a course that is suitable for everybody is difficult.
The course starts off fairly easily but we'll get into harder and harder topics as we progress.
What I can promise you is this that each topic is relevant to no matter what level of your experience.
So stick with it.
And good luck in your journey.